Add upgrades guide to create an upgrades proposal (#30)
OpenZeppelin/defender-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/guide-upgrades.adoc

# Upgrading a contract

> This guide will walk you through the process of managing an upgrade using a Hardhat script to propose an upgrade for a contract and then approve the proposal in xref:admin.adoc[Admin].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will walk you through the process of upgrading a smart contract in production secured by a multisig wallet, using xref:admin.adoc[Defender Admin] as an interface, and Hardhat scripts behind the scenes. Specifically, we will:
- Write and deploy an upgradeable contract using the Upgrades Plugin for Hardhat
- Transfer upgrade rights to a multisig wallet for additional security
- Validate, deploy, and propose a new implementation using Hardhat
- Execute the upgrade through the multisig in Defender Admin
```
Feel free to tweak this as much as you want! I just wanted to highlight the steps (even if we're repeating them later) and the fact that we are going through a multisig.

1. *A Defender account*. Head over to https://defender.openzeppelin.com[Defender] to sign up for a new account. 
2. *ETH to pay for transactions gas*. Transactions require gas for execution, so make sure to have some ETH available. For this guide we will use Rinkeby ETH.

> 3.  *Multi Sig*. A multisig contract to control our upgradeable contract. In this guide we will use a [Gnosis Safe](https://safe.gnosis.io/) but you could also use any supported multisig such as a legacy [Gnosis MultiSigWallet](https://github.com/gnosis/MultiSigWallet). 

Reviewer: I think we are using markdown instead of asciidoc here (and I think it was my getting it wrong in the suggestion)

Author: Good catch.  Sorry I didn't pick this up.

https://help.gnosis-safe.io/en/articles/3876461-create-a-safe-multisig[Create a Gnosis Safe] multisig on the Rinkeby network, with M > N/2 and M >1. This should be at least 2 of 3. (See xref:advisor.adoc[Advisor] for guidance on multisig best practices).
4.  *Hardhat project*. A xref:learn::developing-smart-contracts.adoc#setting-up-a-solidity-project[Hardhat project] with xref:upgrades-plugins::hardhat-upgrades.adoc[Hardhat Upgrades plugin], Hardhat Defender, ethers.js and dotenv installed. 
[source,console]
----

> $ npm install --save-dev @openzeppelin/hardhat-upgrades @openzeppelin/hardhat
> -defender @nomiclabs/hardhat-ethers ethers dotenv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ npm install --save-dev @openzeppelin/hardhat-upgrades @openzeppelin/hardhat-defender @nomiclabs/hardhat-ethers ethers dotenv
```
Let's drop the newline

[[transfer-control-of-upgrades-to-a-multisig]]
== Transfer control of upgrades to a multisig

> We will use a multisig to control upgrades of our contract. Defender Admin supports [Gnosis Safe](https://safe.gnosis.io/) and the legacy [Gnosis MultiSigWallet](https://github.com/gnosis/MultiSigWallet).

Reviewer: Same here regarding link format
